gather round everyone I'm going to tell
you a tale once upon a time in the ER
aboard and Conan or Shire new blue born
and he yawned and stretched blinked in
the morning line and he saw him see them
standing right there with a yellow
exclamation mark Dover's hair so he
asked that fellow just what there was
around fight well the new was ordered to
kill some the ball so he ran right over
did what he's told but by the time it
was over that new was feeling dumb I'm
way to / from the likes this place he
said I think it's time to pick up the
pace so in boldly left town even though
he's only level
we walked through the fields and across
the river till he entered in place the
fake post nude Shearer was dusk would
wear the undead walked the land well the
trees were scary and so was the grass
but the lube saw somebody riding up the
password put out an arm and wave one
Jewish hand when the rider got closer
the new could see he had just held a
horde he was level 60 not only that he
was flagged for PvP now most folks would
have turned and run but that new decided
do something dumb he stood in the road
and gave the hordes and grief at first
report was a little surprised by the new
he obviously wanted to die but any
laughs so hard even shed some tears hey
this guy's got a certain appeals I'll
tell you what noob I'll make you a deal
you beat me and I'll give you all my
gear it's myself too
so the new God out is little sword sword
and started to walk away at the Horde
who just stood there laughing his butt
off in the road I'll let a whale on me
for a while but the Horde to himself as
he smiled then BAM middle I'll be over
for that show now about this time in
real life at work out a phone call from
his ex-wife wondered if he should answer
the phone or stay well that new won't
kill me in a million years or from wave
you minutes who cares gotta get the
phone went AFK but that little noob well
II hack and slash as if every stroke was
turning him caching very slowly he went
away that horrid HP and the hordes x
capped him on the phone much longer than
how long he thought he'd be gone and
when he finally hung up it felt like an
hour or three one of the horn finally
got himself back to the screen and what
he saw there nearly made him scream that
new bit
hit points down to 84 flew to the
keyboard to lift his mace but that new
blood fly with a right to the face and
that horde crashed to the ground split
second too late we better turn on that
internet filter mother well the more he
knew that he didn't be cleared his
throat looked down at his feet while the
news he danced around like he gone mad
and the horde said well I'm a guide my
word so here's all the stuff you look
absurd handed that noob every last
little thing he had the new road away
with all of the surprises on the board
just SAT there tried
this point my tail is nearly done in as
raw they still tell the story of the
nuva left town look at the glory to 200
level 60 and one